chore(component-testing): Create infrastructure for automatized webpack performance monitoring (#15017)
cypress-io/cypress: npm/webpack-dev-server/README.md

    - remove eslint?
- Launch webpack dev server
- Update entry point (in `src/browser.ts`)
- The entry point (`browser.ts`) has to delegate the loading of spec files to the loader + plugin

## Performance tests 

In order to get webpack performance statistics run `yarn cypress open-ct` or `yarn cypress run-ct` with `WEBPACK_PERF_MEASURE` env variable:

```sh
WEBPACK_PERF_MEASURE=true yarn cypress run-ct
```

This will output the timings of whole webpack output and timings for each specified plugin and loader. 

### Compare results

In order to run performance tests and compare timings with the previous build run:

```sh
WEBPACK_PERF_MEASURE=true WEBPACK_PERF_MEASURE_COMPARE={name-of-project} yarn cypress run-ct
```

> This will create the file `./__perf-stats/{name-of-project}.json` or if the file exists will compare results with the previous saved version.
> 
> In order to update the stats and use it for comparison run 

Author: ```suggestion
This will create the file `./__perf-stats/{name-of-project}.json` or if this file exists will compare results with the previously saved version. 

In order to update the `{name-of-project}.json` file and use new stats as a base for the next comparisons run:  
```
